Today we're going to be taking a closer look at the Tusk UTV rear-view mirror.
The Tusk UTV Mirror was developed to give the rider a wider range of vision
and the ability to see what's behind the machine.
These mirrors are a huge help when backing out of the garage or pulling it out of your trailer,
and also to see what you left in the dust on the trail.
The Tusk UTV Mirror is large enough to provide you with quick, clear vision to the rear end of your machine.
It features a large 8"x4.5" convex-shaped mirror for an extra wide view.
The mirror uses the heavy-duty, clamp-on design billet aluminum clamp that bolts directly to the roll bar.
This heavy-duty clamp was designed to fit all the popular machines,
along with any other machine that has a 1-3/4" to 1-7/8" roll bar.
When you order the mirror kit, it comes with your convex lens mirror, billet aluminum clamp,
and all of the necessary hardware to mount the piece.
We also offer an optional extension kit to extend the Tusk UTV Mirror
and give you even more visibility from your side-by-side.
This extension kit can be purchased as a pair with your UTV mirror
or purchased separately if you've already got the mirror on your machine.
It can be mounted as either a left or a right side mirror,
or even as a rear-view mirror in the middle of the roll cage.
Some people would prefer to have one in all three locations, just like your vehicle has.
You can choose to run it vertically for a tighter, more sleek design,
or run it horizontally for an extra wide range of view.
As you can see, there are many different mounting options for this mirror.
And installation is simple.
First, we're going to take the back piece of our clamp
and place it in the desired location on the roll bar.
Then we're going to position the other piece on the opposite side of the roll bar.
After that, pop both of the pinch bolts into place and snug those down using a 5mm Allen-head wrench.
Once the clamp is installed, remove the nyloc nut from the back side of the mirror,
then slide the mirror pin through the hole in the clamp and thread that nyloc nut back onto the pin.
Go ahead and tighten both nuts together using a pair of 19mm wrenches.
Once it's tight, rotate the mirror until you've got it into the desired position.
If you're installing the extension with the mirror,
take the nyloc nut and two washers off the provided bolt,
and we're going to use that to attach one end of the extension to the clamp.
Slide the bolt through both pieces, and install the two washers and nyloc nut.
After that, use a 17mm and a 19mm wrench to tighten this bolt down.
When that's in place, go ahead and install the mirror by sliding it through the hole in the extension
and threading the nyloc nut onto the pin.
Once again, use a pair of 19mm wrenches to tighten down the mirror.
Once it's tight, you can rotate it into the desired position.
And there you have it, the Tusk UTV Mirror Kit.
Get yours today so you can see what you've been missing.
And for a complete list of OEM and aftermarket parts and accessories for your machine,
visit our website www.rockymountainatvmc.com.
Thanks for watching!